It is always necessary to know that disinfection is the basis for successful surgery.
But in a place like this,
If you want to win a freedom-free environment,
It’s really difficult, we can only do our best to comfort you,
What the princess means is that the wound lock will also be lazy and make trouble.
It's all because you can't see living things doing it though,
But that’s not all, it’s also cheap in itself.
Don't forget so much, just let me do what I say,
To blame, take this incense guide and burn it,
It's me, the prince can have any opinions,
The princess is not, she burned the ice stone,
You told me in the white-faced flower,
You have a lot of problems. People touch your things.
You'll all get burned, I've touched it,
So burn you a little,
Feicai, you go down first, yes